# FEW 1.2 - Class 6 

Updating and refactoring 

There is a lot of code here. You need to start digging in and figuring out how it works. 

After playing the game/using the code the next step is reading the code and making small improvements. 

## Updating Syntax

**Template Strings**

The code seems to have been written before template strings. Template Strings are really great, they shorten long string concatenations and are easier to read. They can also be broken up on to multiplt lines.

- [Template Strings](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)

**`const`, `let`, and `var`**

The original code was written before `const` and `let` were available. Using `const` and `let` will improve performance, catch errors, make your intent clear.

Updating variable declarations will require you to look at each variable and examine it's scope and figure out whether the variable should be mutable or immutable.

Remember `const` and `let` are not hoisted! This effects `var OregonH` which appears at the top of each file. This is shared across all files it will need to use the `var` declaration!

- [const, let, and var](https://hackernoon.com/js-var-let-or-const-67e51dbb716f)
- [const](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const)
- [let](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/let)
- [var](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var)

## Modify the Game 

Along the way, while you update the code you can also make changes to the game. 

### Game Events 

Events are things that happen in the game. These occur on a probablity stored in: `EVENT_PROBABILITY`. Events are all defined in the file: `Events.js`. Events are defined in an array `OregonH.Event.eventTypes`. Each event is an object with properties named: 

- `type` String: naming the type of event
- `notification` String: positive or negative
- `stat` String: names the state the event will change
- `value` Number: value applied to stat by the event
- `text` String: a message generated by the event
- `products` Array: of objects 
  - `item` String: the name of the item
  - `qty` Number: the number of items that can be bought
  - `price` Number: the price of an item

The type property has a string value which is:

- `STAT-CHANGE`: Changes a stat
- `SHOP`: Shows the Shop box
- `ATTACK`: Shows the Attack box

Not all events have all properties. For example only the shop event has `products`. Shop events don't have `stat` or `value`. 

## Challenges 

- **Challenge 1**: Updated to Template Strings
  1. Read through your code and find all of the strings. Examine each one. If there is some concatenation involved with the string change it into a template string. For example: 
  
```JavaScript
// Original Source
this.ui.notify('Left ' + droppedGuns + ' guns behind', 'negative');

// Becomes
this.ui.notify(`Left ${droppedGuns} guns behind`, 'negative');
```

- **Challenge 2**: Update `var` to `const` or `let`
  1. Read through each file and examine each variable declaration. Ask yourself if this variable should be a `const`, `let`, or `var`. 

- **Challenge 3**: Modifying Events
  1. Read the list of events in Events.js
  2. Add a new event to the list. 
    - Copying an existing event and changing the property values is probably the easiest thing to do.  
    - Play the game until you see your new event appear. 
    - Make a new event for each of the three types of events: `STAT-CHANGE`, `SHOP`, `ATTACK`
    - For `SHOP` events modify the products Array.

    